Added reference to Secrets Manager section in the lambda docs (#1577)
elastic/apm-agent-python: docs/serverless.asciidoc

For the minimal configuration, you will need the _APM Server URL_ to set the destination for APM data and an _{apm-guide-ref}/secret-token.html[APM Secret Token]_.
If you prefer to use an {apm-guide-ref}/api-key.html[APM API key] instead of the APM secret token, use the `ELASTIC_APM_API_KEY` environment variable instead of `ELASTIC_APM_SECRET_TOKEN` in the following configuration.

> Alternatively, you can {apm-guide-ref}/aws-lambda-secrets-manager.html[use the AWS Secrets Manager to store your APM authentication key] (i.e. the _APM Secret Token_ or the _APM API key_) instead of providing the secret value as plaintext in the environment variables.

Reviewer: Would this be the recommended method to store the secret key in Lambda deployments? In that case, I'd reword the whole section to steer the user towards this instead of just suggesting it as an alternative.

If not, LGTM :)

> Alternatively, you can {apm-guide-ref}/aws-lambda-secrets-manager.html[use the AWS Secrets Manager to store your APM authentication key] (i.e. the _APM Secret Token_ or the _APM API key_) instead of providing the secret value as plaintext in the environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
For production environments, we recommend {apm-guide-ref}/aws-lambda-secrets-manager.html[using the AWS Secrets Manager to store your APM authentication key] instead of providing the secret value as plaintext in the environment variables.
```
